[DOCS] Update license page (#36448)
elastic/kibana: docs/management/managing-licenses.asciidoc

== License Management

When you install {kib}, it generates a Basic license
with no expiration date.  Go to *Management > License Management* to view the 
status of your license, start a 30-day trial, or install a new license. 

To learn more about the available license levels,
see https://www.elastic.co/subscriptions[the subscription page]. 

You can activate a 30-day trial license to try out the full set of 
https://www.elastic.co/subscriptions[Platinum features], including machine learning, 
advanced security, alerting, graph capabilities, and more. 

When you activate a new license level, new features will appear in the left sidebar 
of the *Management* page.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/management-license.png[]

At the end of the trial period, the Platinum features operate in a 
{stack-ov}/license-expiration.html[degraded mode]. You can revert to a Basic 
license, extend the trial, or purchase a subscription. 

> TIP: If {security} is enabled, before you revert to a basic license or install 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: If {security-features} are enabled, before you revert to a basic license or install 
```
